Types of Cyber attacks :
an attempt to breach the information system of an individual or organization.
1. Malware:
	Malware is a term used to describe malicious software, including spyware, ransomware, viruses, and worms. Malware breaches a network through a vulnerability, typically when a user clicks a dangerous link or email attachment that then installs risky software. 
2. Phishing
Phishing is the practice of sending fraudulent communications that appear to come from a reputable source, usually through email.
3. Man-in-the-middle attack
Man-in-the-middle (MitM) attacks(eavesdropping attacks) occur when attackers insert themselves into a two-party transaction. Once the attackers interrupt the traffic, they can filter and steal.
4. Denial-of-service attack(DDOS)
A denial-of-service attack floods systems, servers, or networks with traffic to exhaust resources and bandwidth. As a result, the system is unable to fulfill legitimate requests. Attackers can also use multiple compromised devices to launch this attack. 
5. SQL injection
A Structured Query Language (SQL) injection occurs when an attacker inserts malicious code into a server that uses SQL and forces the server to reveal information it normally would not. 
6. Zero-day exploit
A zero-day exploit hits after a network vulnerability is announced but before a patch or solution is implemented. Attackers target the disclosed vulnerability during this window of time. Zero-day vulnerability threat detection requires constant awareness.
7. DNS Tunneling
DNS tunneling utilizes the DNS protocol to communicate non-DNS traffic over port 53. It sends HTTP and other protocol traffic over DNS.They can be used to disguise outbound traffic as DNS, concealing data that is typically shared through an internet connection.








MONOLITHIC :
A monolithic application is built as a single unified unit that is self-contained and independent from other applications. A monolithic architecture is a singular, large computing network with one code base that couples all of the business concerns together. 

MICRO SERVICES :
microservices architecture is a collection of smaller, independently deployable services.These services have their own business logic and database with a specific goal. Updating, testing, deployment, and scaling occur within each service. 


Difference between REST(Representational State Transfer) and SOAP(Simple Object Access Protocol)
REST was designed specifically for working with components such as media components, files, or even objects on a particular hardware device. Any web service that is defined on the principles of REST can be called a RestFul web service(GET, POST, PUT and DELETE).

The main idea behind designing SOAP was to ensure that programs built on different platforms and programming languages could exchange data in an easy manner. 


SOAP is a protocol whereas REST is an architectural pattern.
SOAP uses service interfaces to expose its functionality to client applications while REST uses Uniform Service locators to access to the components on the hardware device.
SOAP needs more bandwidth for its usage whereas REST doesn’t need much bandwidth.